Updates manual run docs (#6800)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-monitor.asciidoc

* The *Show metrics columns* toggle includes more or less data in the table, pertaining to the timing of each rule execution.

[float]
[[manual-runs-table]]
==== Manual runs table

beta::[]

You can <<manually-run-rules,manually run>> enabled rules for a specified period of time to deliberately test them or provide additional rule coverage. Each manual run can produce multiple rule executions, depending on the time range of the run and the rule's execution schedule. 

> NOTE: Manual runs are executed with low priority and limited concurrency, meaning they might take longer to complete. This can be especially apparent for rules requiring multiple executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Manual runs perform with low priority and limited concurrency, meaning they might take longer to complete. This can be especially apparent for rules requiring multiple executions.
```

Author: Looking at this again, I change the verb phrase and still retain the meaning:

```suggestion
NOTE: Manual runs are given lower priority and limited concurrency, meaning they might take longer to complete. This can be especially apparent for rules requiring multiple executions.
```

The Manual runs table tracks manual rule executions. To access the table, navigate to the detection rules page, click the rule's name to open its details, then scroll down and select the **Execution results** tab. Scroll down again to find the Manual runs table.  

The Manual runs table provides important details such as:

* The total number of rule executions that the manual run will produce and how many are failing, pending, running, and completed.
* When the manual run started and the time range that it will cover.
+
NOTE: To stop an active run, go to the appropriate row in the table and click **Stop run** in the **Actions** column. Completed rule executions for each manual run are logged in the Execution log table.
+
* The status of each manual run:
** `Pending`: The rule is not yet running. 

> ** `Running`: The rule is executing during the time range you specified. Some rule types, such as indicator match rules, can take longer to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `Running`: The rule is running during the time range you specified. Some rule types, such as indicator match rules, can take longer to run.
```
